Instance actions API tabs (#1094)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-instances/instance-actions.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access all the cloning options from the more menu *[...]* on the instance.
```
Also, we need to call out all the things you cannot do via API.

You may export a backup of your data within its exportable period.

> When you resume the instance, you can pick up right where you left off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you resume the instance, you can pick up where you left off.
```

[NOTE]
====
You cannot manually pause an AuraDB Free instance; they are paused automatically after 72 hours of inactivity.
====

When you pause an instance, Aura performs a backup operation behind the scenes.
It can take a while to pause, depending on your instance size, because Aura is creating the backup.

[NOTE]
====
Paused instances run at a discounted rate compared to standard consumption.
You can pause an instance for up to 30 days, after which point Aura automatically resumes the instance.
====

[.tabbed-example]
====
[.include-with-Aura-console]
=====

Use the *Pause* button on the instance card. 
A confirmation window opens.
After confirming, the instance begins pausing, and a play button replaces the pause button.

=====
[.include-with-API]
=====

[source]
----
POST https://api.neo4j.io/v1/instances/{instanceId}/pause
----

> For more information, see link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/platform/api/specification/?urls.primaryName=Aura%20v1#/instances/post-pause-instance[Aura API spec]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/platform/api/specification/?urls.primaryName=Aura%20v1#/instances/post-pause-instance[Aura API specification].
```

If an Aura Free instance remains paused for more than 30 days, Aura deletes the instance, and all information is lost.
====

[.tabbed-example]
====
[.include-with-Aura-console]
=====

Resume a paused instance with the *Play* button on the instance card.
After confirming, the instance begins resuming.

=====
[.include-with-API]
=====
[source]
----
POST https://api.neo4j.io/v1/instances/{instanceId}/resume
----
=====
====

== Delete an instance

Deleting an instance removes all associated snapshots, so they cannot be used to backup and restore data. 

If you may need the data later, xref:/managing-instances/backup-restore-export.adoc#_on_demand[take a snapshot] and export and save it on your computer, before deleting the instance.

[WARNING]
====
There is no way to recover data from a deleted Aura instance, including snapshots.
If you may need the data later, export a snapshot before deleting the instance.
====

> [.tabbed-example]

Reviewer: Reset an instance should remain here with a note that this action cannot be accomplished via API.

====
[.include-with-Aura-console]
=====
Delete an instance using the trashcan icon on the instance card.

> Type the exact name of the instance (as instructed) to confirm your decision, and select *Destroy*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type the exact name of the instance and confirm with *Destroy*.
```

=====
[.include-with-API]
=====
[source]
----
DELETE https://api.neo4j.io/v1/instances/{instanceId}
----
=====
====

== Inspect an instance's details

Return details about a specific Aura instance.

[.tabbed-example]
====
[.include-with-Aura-console]
=====
From the instance card, select the more menu (*...*) then select *instance details*.
From the instance details you can rename an instance and view instance details.
See xref:managing-instances/instance-details.adoc[Instance details] for more information.
[.shadow]
image::instance-actions.png[]

=====
[.include-with-API]
=====

> [source]

Reviewer: Maybe some details here on what is returned?

If an Aura Free instance remains paused for more than 30 days, Aura deletes the instance, and all information is lost.
====

[.tabbed-example]
====
[.include-with-Aura-console]
=====

Resume a paused instance with the *Play* button on the instance card.

> After confirming, the instance begins resuming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

=====
[.include-with-API]
=====
[source]
----
POST https://api.neo4j.io/v1/instances/{instanceId}/resume
----

> For more information, see link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/platform/api/specification/?urls.primaryName=Aura%20v1#/instances/post-resume-instance[Aura API spec]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/platform/api/specification/?urls.primaryName=Aura%20v1#/instances/post-resume-instance[Aura API specification].
```

=====
====

== Delete an instance

Deleting an instance removes all associated snapshots, so they cannot be used to backup and restore data. 

> If you may need the data later, xref:/managing-instances/backup-restore-export.adoc#_on_demand[take a snapshot] and export and save it on your computer, before deleting the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The admonition below says the same thing

[WARNING]
====
There is no way to recover data from a deleted Aura instance, including snapshots.

> If you may need the data later, export a snapshot before deleting the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need the data later, xref:/managing-instances/backup-restore-export.adoc#_on_demand[take a snapshot] before deleting the instance.
```

====

[.tabbed-example]
====
[.include-with-Aura-console]
=====
Delete an instance using the trashcan icon on the instance card.
Type the exact name of the instance and confirm with *Destroy*.
=====
[.include-with-API]
=====
[source]
----
DELETE https://api.neo4j.io/v1/instances/{instanceId}
----

> For more information, see link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/platform/api/specification/?urls.primaryName=Aura%20v1#/instances/delete-instance-id[Aura API spec]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/platform/api/specification/?urls.primaryName=Aura%20v1#/instances/delete-instance-id[Aura API specification].
```

=====
====

[role=label--aura-db-professional label--AuraDB-Free]
== Reset an instance

> Reset an instance from the Aura console only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can clear all data in an instance using the *Reset to blank* action.

Select *Reset to blank* from the *(...)* more menu on the instance card.

> You need to confirm your intention since this action cannot be undone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to confirm your intention since this action cannot be undone.

You can reset an instance from the Aura console only.
```

== Inspect an instance's details

Return details about a specific Aura instance.

[.tabbed-example]
====
[.include-with-Aura-console]
=====

> From the instance card, select the more menu (*...*) then select *instance details*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From  the more menu *[...]* on the instance card, select *instance details*.
```

> From the instance details you can rename an instance and view instance details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can rename an instance and view instance details among other things.
```

See xref:managing-instances/instance-details.adoc[Instance details] for more information.
[.shadow]
image::instance-actions.png[]

=====
[.include-with-API]
=====
[source]
----
GET https://api.neo4j.io/v1/instances/{instanceId}
----

> For more information, see link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/platform/api/specification/?urls.primaryName=Aura%20v1#/instances/get-instance-id[Aura API spec]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/platform/api/specification/?urls.primaryName=Aura%20v1#/instances/get-instance-id[Aura API specification].
```

=====
====

== Snapshots and backups

> Snapshots are taken at regular intervals and can be used to download or dump your data to a new instance.

Reviewer: Should we have some minimal instructions here?

+
. Check the *I understand the target instance will be overwritten* box and select *Clone*.

== Upgrade an instance

> All Neo4j tiers share the same advanced graph database technology that helps you uncover hidden patterns and relationships in connected data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is pure marketing-speak.

> However, features, support levels, and management requirements differ to address different use cases and organizational needs.

Reviewer: I'd recommend to rewrite this to say, in essence, that different tiers serve different operational needs. Should your needs change, you can upgrade. Maybe link to where the different tiers are described?

> An upgrade does not change the original instance ID, so your application strings remain valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An upgrade does not change the original instance ID, meaning that your application strings remain valid.
```

*Minimum instance size:*
If you try to upgrade a 1GB Professional instance, you need to resize it to at least 2GB of storage, because this is the minimum supported size in AuraDB Business Critical.

[.tabbed-example]
====
[.include-with-Aura-console]
=====
AuraDB Free instances have an *Upgrade* button that you can use to upgrade to either Professional or Business Critical.
You can upgrade an AuraDB Professional instance to an Business Critical instance using the *Upgrade* action from the *(...)* menu.

[.shadow]
image::upgradeprotobc.png[]
=====
[.include-with-API]
=====
[source]
----

> POST https://api.neo4j.io/v1/instances/{instanceId}/upgrade

Reviewer: Does this apply only to AuraDB Free?

*Minimum instance size:*
If you try to upgrade a 1GB Professional instance, you need to resize it to at least 2GB of storage, because this is the minimum supported size in AuraDB Business Critical.

[.tabbed-example]
====
[.include-with-Aura-console]
=====
Open the instance more menu *[...]* and select *Upgrade*.
[.shadow]

> image::upgradeprotobc.png[]

Reviewer: Maybe this can be a bit more focused?

=====
[.include-with-API]
=====
[source]
----
POST https://api.neo4j.io/v1/instances/{instanceId}/upgrade
----

> For more information, see link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/platform/api/specification/?urls.primaryName=Aura%20v1#/instances/post-upgrade-instance[Aura API spec]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see thelink:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/platform/api/specification/?urls.primaryName=Aura%20v1#/instances/post-upgrade-instance[Aura API specification].
```
